Add changes to make it possible to direct AL data sampling into different project (#279)
roboflow/inference: docs/enterprise/active-learning/active_learning.md

This process includes data collection (usually with smart selection of datapoints that model would most benefit from),
labeling, model re-training, evaluation and deployment - to close the circle and start new iteration.

Elements of that process can be partially or fully automated - providing elegant way of improving dataset over time, 
which is important to ensure good quality of model predictions over time (as data distribution may change and model
trained on old data may not be performant facing the new one). At Roboflow, we brought automated data collection 
mechanism - which is the foundation building block for Active Learning on the platform.

## Where to start?

We suggest clients to apply the following strategy to train their models. If it's applicable - start from small, good 
quality dataset labeled manually (making sure that test set is representative for the problem to be solved) and train 
initial model. Once that is done - deploy your model enabling Active Learning data collection and gradually increase 
the size of your dataset with data collected in production environment.

> Alternatively, it is also possible to start the project with [Universe model](https://universe.roboflow.com/). Then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it is also possible to start the project with [a Universe model](https://universe.roboflow.com/). Then,
```

> for each request you can specify `active_learning_target_dataset` - pointing the project where the data should be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each request you can specify `active_learning_target_dataset` - pointing to the project where the data should be 
```

> saved. This way - if you find a model that meets your minimal quality criteria - you may start generating valuable 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saved. This way, if you find a model that meets your minimal quality criteria, you may start generating valuable 
```

> predictions from day zero, while collecting good quality dataset to train even better models in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
predictions from day zero, while collecting good quality data to train even better models in the future.
```

Active learning can be disabled by setting `ACTIVE_LEARNING_ENABLED=false` in the environment where you run `inference`.

## Usage patterns

> Active Learning data collection may be combined with different components of Roboflow ecosystem. In particular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active Learning data collection may be combined with different components of the Roboflow ecosystem. In particular:
```

> - `inference` Python package can be used to get predictions from the model and register them at Roboflow platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `inference` Python package can be used to get predictions from the model and register them at Roboflow platform
```

  - one may want to use `InferencePipeline` to get predictions from video and register its video frames using Active Learning

> - self-hosted `inferce` server - where data is collected while processing requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- self-hosted `inference` server - where data is collected while processing requests
```

- Roboflow hosted `inference` - where you let us make sure you get your predictions and data registered. No 
infrastructure needs to run on your end, we take care of everything
  - [Roboflow `workflows`](../../workflows/about.md) - our newest feature - supports [`ActiveLearningDataCollectionBlock`](../../workflows/active_learning.md)

## Sampling Strategies

> `inference` make it possible to configure the way data is selected for registration. One may configure one or more sampling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`inference` makes it possible to configure the way data is selected for registration. One may configure one or more sampling
```

> strategies within Active Learning configuration. We support five strategies for sampling image data for use in training new model versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strategies during Active Learning configuration. We support five strategies for sampling image data for use in training new model versions. 
```

These strategies are:

* [Random sampling](./random_sampling.md): Images are collected at random.
* [Close-to-threshold](./close_to_threshold_sampling.md): Collect data close to a given threshold.
* [Detection count-based](./detection_number.md) (Detection models only): Collect data with a specific number of detections returned by a detection model.
* [Class-based](./classes_based.md) (Classification models only): Collect data with a specific class returned by a classification model.

> ## How data is sampled?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How Data is Sampled
```

## Active Learning Configuration

> One may choose to configure their Active Learning with Roboflow app UI - navigating to the `Active Learning` panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One may choose to configure their Active Learning with the Roboflow app UI by navigating to the `Active Learning` panel.
```

> Alternatively, request to Roboflow API may be sent with custom configuration. Here is how to configure Active Learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, requests to Roboflow API may be sent with custom configuration. Here is how to configure Active Learning
```

* `batching_strategy`: configuration of labeling batches creation - details below (required if `enabled`)
* `tags`: list of tags (each contains 1-64 characters from range `a-z, A-Z, 0-9, and -_:/.[]<>{}@`) (optional)

### Batching strategy

The `batching_strategy` field holds a dictionary with the following configuration options:

> * `batches_name_prefix`: A string representing the prefix of batches names created by Active Learning (required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `batches_name_prefix`: A string representing the prefix of batch names created by Active Learning (required)
```

> * `recreation_interval`: One of value `["never", "daily", "weekly", "monthly"]`: representing the interval which is to be used to create separate batches - thanks to that - user can control the flow of labeling batches in time (required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `recreation_interval`: One of `["never", "daily", "weekly", "monthly"]`: representing the interval which is to be used to create separate batches. This parameter allows the user to control the flow of labeling batches over time (required).
```

> * `max_batch_images`: Positive integer representing maximum size of batch (applied on top of any strategy limits) to prevent too much data to be collected (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_batch_images`: Positive integer representing the maximum size of the batch (applied on top of any strategy limits) to prevent too much data from being collected (optional)
```

### Strategy limits
Each strategy can be configured with `limits`: list of values limiting how many images can be collected 
each minute, hour or day. Each entry on that list can hold two values:
* `type`: one of `["minutely", "hourly", "daily"]`: representing the type of limit
* `value`: with limit threshold

Limits are enforced with different granularity, as they are implemented based or either Redis or memory cache (bounded

> into single process). Se effectively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a single process). So, effectively:
```

> * if Redis cache is used - all instances of `inference` connected to the same Redis service will share limits 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if the Redis cache is used - all instances of `inference` connected to the same Redis service will share limit 
```

enforcements

> * otherwise - memory cache of single instance is used (multiple processes will have their own limits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* otherwise, the memory cache of a single instance is used (multiple processes will have their own limits)
```

Example client usage:
```python
import cv2
from inference_sdk import InferenceHTTPClient

image = cv2.imread("<path_to_your_image>")
LOCALHOST_CLIENT = InferenceHTTPClient(
    api_url="http://127.0.0.1:9001",
    api_key="XXX"
)
LOCALHOST_CLIENT.infer(image, model_id="asl-poly-instance-seg/0")
```

## Parameters of requests to `inference` server influencing the Active Learning data collection
There are few parameters that can be added to request to influence how data collection works, in particular:

- `disable_active_learning` - to disable functionality at the level of single request (if for some reason you do not 
want input data to be collected - useful for testing purposes)
- `active_learning_target_dataset` - making inference from specific model (let's say `project_a/1`), when we want
to save data in another project `project_b` - the latter should be pointed by this parameter. **Please remember that
you cannot use different type of models in `project_a` and `project_b` - if that is the case - data will not be 
registered)

> - `active_learning_api_key` - in rare cases (for instance cross-workspace data registration) one can provide auxiliary

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand when you would use this. For Universe the API key from your own workspace works to infer against public models.

Author: this makes the following action to be possible.
Someone has two workspaces - `A` and `B`. Workspace `A` has project `x` with model trained, They want to use model `x/1` and register data in project `y` from workspace `B`.
Not sure to what degree that feature would be useful for people - I do see this applicable for internal use-cases. I was asking about that couple of times at slack, without clear feedback received - so I implemented the thing as that was easy extension of changes introduced in this PR. We can obviously revert the think and that will be very quick.

Author: resolved at slack

Example client usage:
```python
import cv2
from inference_sdk import InferenceHTTPClient

image = cv2.imread("<path_to_your_image>")
LOCALHOST_CLIENT = InferenceHTTPClient(
    api_url="http://127.0.0.1:9001",
    api_key="XXX"
)
LOCALHOST_CLIENT.infer(image, model_id="asl-poly-instance-seg/0")
```

## Parameters of requests to `inference` server influencing the Active Learning data collection

> There are few parameters that can be added to request to influence how data collection works, in particular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few parameters that can be added to request to influence how data collection works, in particular:
```

> - `disable_active_learning` - to disable functionality at the level of single request (if for some reason you do not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disable_active_learning` - to disable functionality at the level of a single request (if for some reason you do not 
```

want input data to be collected - useful for testing purposes)

> - `active_learning_target_dataset` - making inference from specific model (let's say `project_a/1`), when we want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `active_learning_target_dataset` - making inference from a specific model (let's say `project_a/1`), when we want
```

> to save data in another project `project_b` - the latter should be pointed by this parameter. **Please remember that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to save data in another project `project_b` - the latter should be pointed to by this parameter. **Please remember that
```

> you cannot use incompatible type of models in `project_a` and `project_b` - if that is the case - data will not be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you cannot use incompatible types of models in `project_a` and `project_b`; if that is the case, data will not be 
```

> registered - classification predictions cannot be registered in detection-based projects.** You are free to mix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registered. For instance, classification predictions cannot be registered in detection-based projects.** You are free to mix
```

> such tasks like object-detection, instance-segmentation of keypoints detection, but naturally not every detail of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 tasks like object-detection, instance-segmentation, or keypoints detection, but naturally not every detail of
```

> required label may be available in prediction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the required label may be available from prediction.
```
